Refactor Dockerfile and Makefile (#1241)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/app-protect/installation.md

Take the steps below to create the Docker image that you'll use to deploy NGINX Ingress Controller with App Protect in Kubernetes.

- [Build the NGINX Ingress Controller image](/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/building-ingress-controller-image).

    When running the `make` command to build the image, be sure to use the `debian-image-nap-plus` target. For example:

    ```bash
    make debian-image-nap-plus PREFIX=<your Docker registry domain>/nginx-plus-ingress
    ```

>     Alternatively, if you want to run on an [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/) cluster You can use the `openshift-image-nap-plus` target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, if you want to run on an [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/) cluster, you can use the `openshift-image-nap-plus` target.
```

    If you intend to use [external references](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect/configuration/#external-references) in NGINX App Protect policies, you may want to provide a custom CA certificate to authenticate with the hosting server.

>     In order to do that, place the *.crt file in the build folder and uncomment the lines following this comment: `#Uncomment the lines below if you want to install a custom CA certificate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In order to do so, place the `*.crt` file in the build folder and uncomment the lines that follow this comment: `#Uncomment the lines below if you want to install a custom CA certificate`
```
